Source column info add (#2710)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/manage_policy_overview.adoc

From the _Governance_ page, you can customize your Summary view by filtering the violations by categories or standards, collapse the summary to see less information, and you can search for policies. You can also filter the violation table view by policies or cluster violations.

> The table of policies list the following details of a policy: _Policy name_, _Namespace_, _Status_, _Remediation_, _Cluster violations_, _Source_, _Controls_, _Automation_ and _Created_. You can edit, enable or disable, inform, or remove a policy by selecting the *Actions* icon. You can view the categories and standards of a specific policy by selecting the drop-down arrow to expand the row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table of policies lists the following details of a policy: _Policy name_, _Namespace_, _Status_, _Remediation_, _Cluster violations_, _Source_, _Controls_, _Automation_ and _Created_. You can edit, enable or disable, set remediation to inform or enforce, or remove a policy by selecting the *Actions* icon. You can view the categories and standards of a specific policy by selecting the drop-down arrow to expand the row.
```
1. "lists" goes with table; the table lists
2. Using "inform" as a verb on the policy seems strange and left out the "enforce" option.

When you select a policy in the table list, the following tabs of information are displayed from the console:

> - _Details_: Select the _Details_ tab to view policy details and placement information. You can configure automation from the _Policy details_ section, select the **Configure** link. You can also select the **local-cluster** link to view the violated cluster.

Reviewer: In the second sentence, should "You" be "to"?

The last sentence refers to **local-cluster** but this depends on which clusters have violations. See screenshot. Also, personally I don't like the term "violated cluster"... in general I would say "cluster with policy violations". In this case, the link allows you to view the compliance of the policy for the given cluster
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42188127/134574659-44052c8f-e36a-41e8-a2ca-196f019cc8ef.png)

Author: Good catch @KevinFCormier. I updated, "You can configure automation from the _Policy details_ section, select the **Configure** link. You can also select the **local-cluster** link to view the compliance of the cluster with policy violations." 

TO 

"To configure automation from the _Policy details_ section, select the **Configure** link. You can also select the **local-cluster** link to view the compliance of the cluster with policy violations."

Reviewer: We can't say "local-cluster" specifically because this is just the name of a cluster. Need to say something more like "In the placement table, the Compliance column provides links to view the compliance of each matched cluster."

> - _Clusters_: Select the _Clusters_ tab to view a table list of violated clusters. Click the **View details** link to view the template details and YAML. You can also view related resources. To view the compliance status of your policy, click the **View history** link. A list of violation messages are displayed in the table. Also, the _History_ page displays the local cluster name and name of the related template.

Reviewer: This change is related to https://github.com/open-cluster-management/backlog/issues/16329 right? There will be several more places to update related to the new tabs. 

- It's not only clusters with violations that will be shown.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42188127/134575397-956c0114-36b3-48b3-af85-6fb6992e7cb3.png)
- The history does not just include violations. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42188127/134575711-eec3ce04-663e-4768-9d9c-c9d711c820f3.png)
- The "local cluster name" should just be the "name of the cluster". The history is for a specific cluster and policy template. For example, here is it for a different cluster.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42188127/134575991-16495315-97bf-4bbd-8021-2ead975faaad.png)

Author: This PR is not related to issue https://github.com/open-cluster-management/backlog/issues/16329. My changes are related to what is described in issue [15529](https://github.com/open-cluster-management/backlog/issues/15529). I will make edits for #16329 in a different PR.

Reviewer: Can you please either address these comments or remove the changes and make them in a different PR for 16329?

Author: @KevinFCormier We are on the same page, I will address your comments in a different PR for issue 16329

> - _Templates_: Select the _Templates_ tab to view the cluster that is related to the template.

Reviewer: The only difference between the _Clusters_ tab and the _Templates_ tab is that on the Clusters tab, you get a single table that lists each cluster and policy template that applies to it (from the given policy), whereas on the Templates tab, you get a separate table for each template. So I think the descriptions of these should be very similar, or maybe even combined.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42188127/134577013-2aa6f087-df4b-4344-9f3e-f8558e175850.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42188127/134577073-735b4cfa-a525-4a86-baab-b13848cc1635.png)
